fix(guide): Edited grammar and formatting. (#32566)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: guide/english/python/converting-integer-to-string-in-python/index.md

#### Line by Line explanation of the above code

1. A variable 'result' is assigned to an empty string.
2. For loop is being used to iterate over a list of numbers.
3. The list of numbers is generated using the range function.
4. range(1,11) generates a list of numbers from 1 to 10.

> 5. Each forloop iterates i from 1 to 10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Each `for` loop iterates i from 1 to 10.
```
